feature(docs): frontend detailed architecture (#2)
xoscar/image-store: frontend/entities/Gateways.md

# Gateways

The gateways encapsulate the I/O logic that will be used across the application, as well as Services, these are static modules that provide a list of functions.

> As part of the gateway job is to generate the model instances based on the response as well as error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of the gateway's job is to generate the model instances based on the response as well as provide error handling.
```

```ts
const ImageGateway = () => ({
  async getUserById(userId: string) {
    const response = await fetch(path.replace('{{userId}}', userId));

>     if (!response.ok) throw Error('user not found')

Reviewer: At what level should this throw be caught?

    const rawUser = await response.json();

>     return User(rawUser);

Reviewer: What happens if rawUser does not contain the correct data to instantiate a User?

Author: It is part of the model task, take a look a the first point from that file
